delayDistributions_1.superMedianCorr                superMedianCorr_1                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.subMedianCorr                  subMedianCorr_1                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.diffMedianCorr                 diffMedianCorr_1                  distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.superMedianSD                  superMedianSD_1                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.subMedianSD                    subMedianSD_1                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.diffMedianSD                   diffMedianSD_1                    distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.sigma_dx                       sigma_dx_1                        distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.densityDifference              densityDifference_1               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.scaleSigmaDifference           scaleSigmaDifference_1            distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.delayDensityRatio              delayDensityRatio_1               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.scaleDensityDifference         scaleDensityDifference_1          distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.logSigmaDifference             logSigmaDifference_1              distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.loggradSigmaDifference         loggradSigmaDifference_1          distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.autocorrelationApproximation   autocorrelationApproximation_1    distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.scaleDensityFit                scaleDensityFit_1                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.what                           what_1                            distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.symmetricKurtosis              symmetricKurtosis_1               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_1.symmetricSD                    symmetricSD_1                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.superMedianCorr                superMedianCorr_2                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.subMedianCorr                  subMedianCorr_2                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.diffMedianCorr                 diffMedianCorr_2                  distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.superMedianSD                  superMedianSD_2                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.subMedianSD                    subMedianSD_2                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.diffMedianSD                   diffMedianSD_2                    distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.sigma_dx                       sigma_dx_2                        distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.densityDifference              densityDifference_2               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.scaleSigmaDifference           scaleSigmaDifference_2            distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.delayDensityRatio              delayDensityRatio_2               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.scaleDensityDifference         scaleDensityDifference_2          distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.logSigmaDifference             logSigmaDifference_2              distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.loggradSigmaDifference         loggradSigmaDifference_2          distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.autocorrelationApproximation   autocorrelationApproximation_2    distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.scaleDensityFit                scaleDensityFit_2                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.what                           what_2                            distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.symmetricKurtosis              symmetricKurtosis_2               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_2.symmetricSD                    symmetricSD_2                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.superMedianCorr                superMedianCorr_10                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.subMedianCorr                  subMedianCorr_10                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.diffMedianCorr                 diffMedianCorr_10                  distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.superMedianSD                  superMedianSD_10                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.subMedianSD                    subMedianSD_10                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.diffMedianSD                   diffMedianSD_10                    distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.sigma_dx                       sigma_dx_10                        distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.densityDifference              densityDifference_10               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.scaleSigmaDifference           scaleSigmaDifference_10            distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.delayDensityRatio              delayDensityRatio_10               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.scaleDensityDifference         scaleDensityDifference_10          distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.logSigmaDifference             logSigmaDifference_10              distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.loggradSigmaDifference         loggradSigmaDifference_10          distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.autocorrelationApproximation   autocorrelationApproximation_10    distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.scaleDensityFit                scaleDensityFit_10                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.what                           what_10                            distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.symmetricKurtosis              symmetricKurtosis_10               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_10.symmetricSD                    symmetricSD_10                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.superMedianCorr                superMedianCorr_50                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.subMedianCorr                  subMedianCorr_50                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.diffMedianCorr                 diffMedianCorr_50                  distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.superMedianSD                  superMedianSD_50                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.subMedianSD                    subMedianSD_50                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.diffMedianSD                   diffMedianSD_50                    distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.sigma_dx                       sigma_dx_50                        distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.densityDifference              densityDifference_50               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.scaleSigmaDifference           scaleSigmaDifference_50            distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.delayDensityRatio              delayDensityRatio_50               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.scaleDensityDifference         scaleDensityDifference_50          distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.logSigmaDifference             logSigmaDifference_50              distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.loggradSigmaDifference         loggradSigmaDifference_50          distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.autocorrelationApproximation   autocorrelationApproximation_50    distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.scaleDensityFit                scaleDensityFit_50                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.what                           what_50                            distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.symmetricKurtosis              symmetricKurtosis_50               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_50.symmetricSD                    symmetricSD_50                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.superMedianCorr                superMedianCorr_100                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.subMedianCorr                  subMedianCorr_100                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.diffMedianCorr                 diffMedianCorr_100                  distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.superMedianSD                  superMedianSD_100                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.subMedianSD                    subMedianSD_100                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.diffMedianSD                   diffMedianSD_100                    distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.sigma_dx                       sigma_dx_100                        distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.densityDifference              densityDifference_100               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.scaleSigmaDifference           scaleSigmaDifference_100            distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.delayDensityRatio              delayDensityRatio_100               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.scaleDensityDifference         scaleDensityDifference_100          distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.logSigmaDifference             logSigmaDifference_100              distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.loggradSigmaDifference         loggradSigmaDifference_100          distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.autocorrelationApproximation   autocorrelationApproximation_100    distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.scaleDensityFit                scaleDensityFit_100                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.what                           what_100                            distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.symmetricKurtosis              symmetricKurtosis_100               distribution,bifurcation,delay
delayDistributions_100.symmetricSD                    symmetricSD_100                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
thresholdDistributions_1_1.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_1_1              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_1.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_1_1                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_1.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_1_1                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_2.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_1_2              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_2.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_1_2                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_2.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_1_2                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_10.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_1_10            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_10.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_1_10               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_10.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_1_10                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_50.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_1_50            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_50.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_1_50               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_50.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_1_50                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_100.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_1_100          distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_100.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_1_100             distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_1_100.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_1_100              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_1.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_2_1              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_1.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_2_1                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_1.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_2_1                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_2.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_2_2              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_2.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_2_2                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_2.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_2_2                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_10.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_2_10            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_10.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_2_10               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_10.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_2_10                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_50.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_2_50            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_50.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_2_50               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_50.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_2_50                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_100.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_2_100          distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_100.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_2_100             distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_2_100.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_2_100              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_1.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_3_1              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_1.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_3_1                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_1.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_3_1                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_2.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_3_2              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_2.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_3_2                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_2.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_3_2                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_10.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_3_10            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_10.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_3_10               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_10.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_3_10                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_50.upperPropMeanSigma          upperPropMeanSigma_3_50            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_50.upperPropMeanSD             upperPropMeanSD_3_50               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_50.upperPropSigma              upperPropSigma_3_50                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_100.upperPropMeanSigma         upperPropMeanSigma_3_100           distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_100.upperPropMeanSD            upperPropMeanSD_3_100              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
thresholdDistributions_3_100.upperPropSigma             upperPropSigma_3_100               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
potentialDistributions_1.fitSupercriticalHopfRadius     fitSupercriticalHopfRadius_1       distribution,bifurcation,potential
potentialDistributions_1.fitQuadraticPotential          fitQuadraticPotential_1            distribution,bifurcation,potential
potentialDistributions_2.fitSupercriticalHopfRadius     fitSupercriticalHopfRadius_2       distribution,bifurcation,potential
potentialDistributions_2.fitQuadraticPotential          fitQuadraticPotential_2            distribution,bifurcation,potential
potentialDistributions_10.fitSupercriticalHopfRadius    fitSupercriticalHopfRadius_10      distribution,bifurcation,potential
potentialDistributions_10.fitQuadraticPotential         fitQuadraticPotential_10           distribution,bifurcation,potential
potentialDistributions_50.fitSupercriticalHopfRadius    fitSupercriticalHopfRadius_50      distribution,bifurcation,potential
potentialDistributions_50.fitQuadraticPotential         fitQuadraticPotential_50           distribution,bifurcation,potential
potentialDistributions_100.fitSupercriticalHopfRadius   fitSupercriticalHopfRadius_100     distribution,bifurcation,potential
potentialDistributions_100.fitQuadraticPotential        fitQuadraticPotential_100          distribution,bifurcation,potential
centreDelayDistributions_1.superMedianCorr                centreSuperMedianCorr_1                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.subMedianCorr                  centreSubMedianCorr_1                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.diffMedianCorr                 centreDiffMedianCorr_1                  distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.superMedianSD                  centreSuperMedianSD_1                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.subMedianSD                    centreSubMedianSD_1                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.diffMedianSD                   centreDiffMedianSD_1                    distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.sigma_dx                       centreSigma_dx_1                        distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.densityDifference              centreDensityDifference_1               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.scaleSigmaDifference           centreScaleSigmaDifference_1            distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.delayDensityRatio              centreDelayDensityRatio_1               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.scaleDensityDifference         centreScaleDensityDifference_1          distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.logSigmaDifference              centreLogSigmaDifference_1              distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.loggradSigmaDifference          centreLoggradSigmaDifference_1          distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.autocorrelationApproximation    centreAutocorrelationApproximation_1    distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.scaleDensityFit                 centreScaleDensityFit_1                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.what                            centreWhat_1                            distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.symmetricKurtosis               centreSymmetricKurtosis_1               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_1.symmetricSD                     centreSymmetricSD_1                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.superMedianCorr                centreSuperMedianCorr_2                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.subMedianCorr                  centreSubMedianCorr_2                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.diffMedianCorr                 centreDiffMedianCorr_2                  distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.superMedianSD                  centreSuperMedianSD_2                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.subMedianSD                    centreSubMedianSD_2                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.diffMedianSD                   centreDiffMedianSD_2                    distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.sigma_dx                       centreSigma_dx_2                        distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.densityDifference              centreDensityDifference_2               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.scaleSigmaDifference           centreScaleSigmaDifference_2            distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.delayDensityRatio              centreDelayDensityRatio_2               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.scaleDensityDifference         centreScaleDensityDifference_2          distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.logSigmaDifference              centreLogSigmaDifference_2              distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.loggradSigmaDifference          centreLoggradSigmaDifference_2          distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.autocorrelationApproximation    centreAutocorrelationApproximation_2    distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.scaleDensityFit                 centreScaleDensityFit_2                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.what                            centreWhat_2                            distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.symmetricKurtosis               centreSymmetricKurtosis_2               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_2.symmetricSD                     centreSymmetricSD_2                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.superMedianCorr                centreSuperMedianCorr_10                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.subMedianCorr                  centreSubMedianCorr_10                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.diffMedianCorr                 centreDiffMedianCorr_10                  distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.superMedianSD                  centreSuperMedianSD_10                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.subMedianSD                    centreSubMedianSD_10                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.diffMedianSD                   centreDiffMedianSD_10                    distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.sigma_dx                       centreSigma_dx_10                        distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.densityDifference              centreDensityDifference_10               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.scaleSigmaDifference           centreScaleSigmaDifference_10            distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.delayDensityRatio              centreDelayDensityRatio_10               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.scaleDensityDifference         centreScaleDensityDifference_10          distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.logSigmaDifference              centreLogSigmaDifference_10              distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.loggradSigmaDifference          centreLoggradSigmaDifference_10          distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.autocorrelationApproximation    centreAutocorrelationApproximation_10    distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.scaleDensityFit                 centreScaleDensityFit_10                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.what                            centreWhat_10                            distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.symmetricKurtosis               centreSymmetricKurtosis_10               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_10.symmetricSD                     centreSymmetricSD_10                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.superMedianCorr                centreSuperMedianCorr_50                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.subMedianCorr                  centreSubMedianCorr_50                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.diffMedianCorr                 centreDiffMedianCorr_50                  distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.superMedianSD                  centreSuperMedianSD_50                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.subMedianSD                    centreSubMedianSD_50                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.diffMedianSD                   centreDiffMedianSD_50                    distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.sigma_dx                       centreSigma_dx_50                        distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.densityDifference              centreDensityDifference_50               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.scaleSigmaDifference           centreScaleSigmaDifference_50            distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.delayDensityRatio              centreDelayDensityRatio_50               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.scaleDensityDifference         centreScaleDensityDifference_50          distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.logSigmaDifference              centreLogSigmaDifference_50              distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.loggradSigmaDifference          centreLoggradSigmaDifference_50          distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.autocorrelationApproximation    centreAutocorrelationApproximation_50    distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.scaleDensityFit                 centreScaleDensityFit_50                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.what                            centreWhat_50                            distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.symmetricKurtosis               centreSymmetricKurtosis_50               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_50.symmetricSD                     centreSymmetricSD_50                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.superMedianCorr                centreSuperMedianCorr_100                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.subMedianCorr                  centreSubMedianCorr_100                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.diffMedianCorr                 centreDiffMedianCorr_100                  distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.superMedianSD                  centreSuperMedianSD_100                   distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.subMedianSD                    centreSubMedianSD_100                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.diffMedianSD                   centreDiffMedianSD_100                    distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.sigma_dx                       centreSigma_dx_100                        distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.densityDifference              centreDensityDifference_100               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.scaleSigmaDifference           centreScaleSigmaDifference_100            distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.delayDensityRatio              centreDelayDensityRatio_100               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.scaleDensityDifference         centreScaleDensityDifference_100          distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.logSigmaDifference              centreLogSigmaDifference_100              distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.loggradSigmaDifference          centreLoggradSigmaDifference_100          distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.autocorrelationApproximation    centreAutocorrelationApproximation_100    distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.scaleDensityFit                 centreScaleDensityFit_100                 distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.what                            centreWhat_100                            distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.symmetricKurtosis               centreSymmetricKurtosis_100               distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreDelayDistributions_100.symmetricSD                     centreSymmetricSD_100                     distribution,bifurcation,delay
centreThresholdDistributions_1_1.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_1_1              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_1.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_1_1                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_1.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_1_1                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_2.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_1_2              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_2.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_1_2                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_2.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_1_2                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_10.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_1_10            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_10.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_1_10               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_10.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_1_10                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_50.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_1_50            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_50.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_1_50               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_50.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_1_50                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_100.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_1_100          distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_100.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_1_100             distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_1_100.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_1_100              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_1.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_2_1              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_1.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_2_1                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_1.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_2_1                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_2.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_2_2              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_2.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_2_2                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_2.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_2_2                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_10.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_2_10            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_10.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_2_10               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_10.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_2_10                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_50.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_2_50            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_50.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_2_50               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_50.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_2_50                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_100.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_2_100          distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_100.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_2_100             distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_2_100.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_2_100              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_1.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_3_1              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_1.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_3_1                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_1.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_3_1                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_2.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_3_2              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_2.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_3_2                 distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_2.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_3_2                  distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_10.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_3_10            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_10.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_3_10               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_10.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_3_10                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_50.upperPropMeanSigma         centreUpperPropMeanSigma_3_50            distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_50.upperPropMeanSD            centreUpperPropMeanSD_3_50               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_50.upperPropSigma             centreUpperPropSigma_3_50                distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_100.upperPropMeanSigma        centreUpperPropMeanSigma_3_100           distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_100.upperPropMeanSD           centreUpperPropMeanSD_3_100              distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centreThresholdDistributions_3_100.upperPropSigma            centreUpperPropSigma_3_100               distribution,bifurcation,threshold
centrePotentialDistributions_1.fitSupercriticalHopfRadius    centreFitSupercriticalHopfRadius_1       distribution,bifurcation,potential
centrePotentialDistributions_1.fitQuadraticPotential         centreFitQuadraticPotential_1            distribution,bifurcation,potential
centrePotentialDistributions_2.fitSupercriticalHopfRadius    centreFitSupercriticalHopfRadius_2       distribution,bifurcation,potential
centrePotentialDistributions_2.fitQuadraticPotential         centreFitQuadraticPotential_2            distribution,bifurcation,potential
centrePotentialDistributions_10.fitSupercriticalHopfRadius   centreFitSupercriticalHopfRadius_10      distribution,bifurcation,potential
centrePotentialDistributions_10.fitQuadraticPotential        centreFitQuadraticPotential_10           distribution,bifurcation,potential
centrePotentialDistributions_50.fitSupercriticalHopfRadius   centreFitSupercriticalHopfRadius_50      distribution,bifurcation,potential
centrePotentialDistributions_50.fitQuadraticPotential        centreFitQuadraticPotential_50           distribution,bifurcation,potential
centrePotentialDistributions_100.fitSupercriticalHopfRadius  centreFitSupercriticalHopfRadius_100     distribution,bifurcation,potential
centrePotentialDistributions_100.fitQuadraticPotential       centreFitQuadraticPotential_100          distribution,bifurcation,potential
